Where is
Khmelnytskyi And you are
Crimea
Yevpatoriya city Yevpatoriya How are you
Yevpatoriya
is Ukraine or Russia Russia at the moment
this is also by the way
[music]
we look at absolutely such parallels the
troops came out held a referendum
annexed to Russia
then the armed forces of Ukraine entered the
Russians fled
You don’t worry that  it will be the same with
Crimea
and why he
knows a little more And for example Tell us
Yes, because not everything tells us from
his side Well, he is deceiving us, I don’t
trust our authorities and
ours, but you know more why
this will not happen, but we see more
correctly here  Well, what are you looking at in Kherson,
people also saw something, they strove to
see so much in Kherson later and flew away
like that you were an axion, something was of the
Crimean bridge and accidentally
[music]
I just see if we talked there
9 months ago when only a
special operation  it started like this and Russia
everywhere comes
9 months when March was still there,
for example, but now we already see that
Russia was knocked out
there, from the Kyiv region of Sumy Chernihiv Kharkiv Kherson, to be honest, they knocked out Well, yes, they only got out. Take How much equipment was lost. What happened in your government began to hide behind you correctly, I don’t know what they started. Why, before leaving with a person, I took out the door. Russia ran away from you, it began to hide behind, therefore there is no point in people And if in Crimea they also start to hide behind us in Crimea, we will leave Crimea Russia will leave us first tactics in Kherson worked out behind us advancing on Melitopol blocked by us captured Melitopol advancing on Berdyansk hiding behind us captured Berdyansk it sucks from there Well, everything is not enough for you, but that’s all What else do you want more Here, look Let me just say Yes, at first when the cameras were brought there there now at the moment at the moment Where it beats somewhere something will fly Donetsk region Stakhanov I sit down every evening But further somewhere New Kakhovka, there was a front but K  ahovka shelled
Hammerson Yes, what's the problem, how many
kilometers are there Well, how many were Well, 20 meters
to the front line, typically 20 kilometers,
artillery even
80 Haimar shoots And then somewhere
you won’t get
there somewhere 70 80 I’m not an expert, this is such a
value judgment from  how the [ __ ] did you
think it was like that with me so 80
do you believe that it turns out that since Russia has
withdrawn from Kherson, it can also withdraw from Melitopol
No why,
because there is a very good
defensive line there, and in Kherson there
was a very bad defensive line Yes, it's
cool I'm just not special in
defensive  good lines because
I’m a programmer, I’m interested in these
versions before It’s cool and yes it turns out
Crimea definitely doesn’t come Crimea from Russia
forever Kherson was told that Russia is
here forever but they deceived in the Kharkov
region here forever and deceived yes
Kharkov Kharkov part of the
Kharkov region
I think it’s  temporarily something Ukraine
is I’m purely on this how many years it
will still be found  I don’t know the
maximum there. And there I think that the state
will be how much.
I said, I didn’t hear it was quiet.
I said, I say Ukraine as a state
will exist for 2 years as a maximum.
But this is my personal opinion. I just see
that Ukraine, on the contrary, is
gaining international support. Russia is
falling apart of the
Russians.  lost the city For the first time in the
twentieth century in the 21st century, Russia lost
its territory
temporarily occupied the whole world looked
Listen, it turns out that if Russia takes away the
territory of nothing of the
whole world that ends, and you know
, the whole world abruptly began to help Yes,
but some countries are already starting to
turn on because  that there is not enough money, yes,
but they also need to
roughly compare GDP, for example, the United States and
Russia
's GDP Let's take
our jdp, so
let's take not a per capita per capita
total GDP,
so the US dollar is
22,000 23 thousand billion
22 trillion And Russia has
seven  times less
and now look Let's look
at the costs of  defense I correctly understood that
I’m just giving an example
figuratively Yes, a person can live there in
Russia yes how much money is needed and in the
USA how much money is needed in
short understood yes Russia fled from Kherson
for this time the askerma from the Crimea will definitely not
run away like that but he thought